doc: add design document for Cluster vs Namespace (#1359)
bpfman/bpfman: docs/getting-started/operator-quick-start.md

xdp-pass-all-nodes-f3def00d   xdp    bpfmanLoaded   56s

$ kubectl get bpfprograms xdp-pass-all-nodes-f3def00d -o yaml
apiVersion: bpfman.io/v1alpha1
kind: BpfProgram
metadata:
  annotations:
    bpfman.io.xdpprogramcontroller/interface: eth0
    bpfman.io/ProgramId: "26577"
    bpfman.io/bpfProgramAttachPoint: eth0
  creationTimestamp: "2024-12-18T22:26:55Z"
  finalizers:
  - bpfman.io.xdpprogramcontroller/finalizer
  generation: 1
  labels:
    bpfman.io/appProgramId: ""
    bpfman.io/ownedByProgram: xdp-pass-all-nodes
    kubernetes.io/hostname: bpfman-deployment-control-plane
  name: xdp-pass-all-nodes-f3def00d
  ownerReferences:
  - apiVersion: bpfman.io/v1alpha1
    blockOwnerDeletion: true
    controller: true
    kind: XdpProgram
    name: xdp-pass-all-nodes
    uid: 7685a5b6-a626-4483-8c20-06b29643a2a8
  resourceVersion: "8430"
  uid: 83c5a80d-2dca-46ce-806b-6fdf7bde901f
spec:
  type: xdp
status:
  conditions:
  - lastTransitionTime: "2024-12-18T22:27:11Z"
    message: Successfully loaded bpfProgram
    reason: bpfmanLoaded
    status: "True"
    type: Loaded
```

### Deploy Namespace Scoped Sample

The namespace scoped samples need a namespace and pods to attach to.

> A yaml has been created that will create a `Namespace`

Author: Done.

([bpfman-operator/hack/namespace_scoped.yaml](https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman-operator/blob/main/hack/namespace_scoped.yaml)).
The reason for namespace scoped CRDs is to limit an application or user to a namespace.
To this end, this yaml also creates a `ServiceAccount`, `Role`, `RoleBinding` and `Secret`.

```bash
cd bpfman-operator
kubectl apply -f hack/namespace_scoped.yaml 
  namespace/acme created
  serviceaccount/test-account created
  role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/test-account created
  rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/test-account created
  secret/test-account-token created
```

To create a `kubeconfig` file that limits access to the created namespace, use the script 
[bpfman-operator/hack/namespace_scoped.sh](https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman-operator/blob/main/hack/nginx-deployment.sh).
The script needs to know the name of the `Cluster`, `Namespace`, `Service Account` and `Secret`.

> The script defaults these fields to what is current in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script defaults these fields to what is currently in 
```

Author: Done.

This can be used if the names are changed or a different yaml file is used.
The output of the script is the contents of a `kubeconfig`.
This can be printed to the console or redirected to a file.

```bash
./hack/namespace_scoped.sh hack/namespace_scoped.yaml > /tmp/kubeconfig 
```

To use the `kubeconfig` file, select the session to limit access in and run:

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=/tmp/kubeconfig
```

From within this limited access session, a sample `nginx` deployment can be created in the same namespace using
[bpfman-operator/hack/namespace_scoped.yaml](https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman-operator/blob/main/hack/nginx-deployment.yaml).

```bash
kubectl apply -f hack/nginx-deployment.yaml
  deployment.apps/nginx-deployment created
```

Finally, load any of the namespaced samples from
[bpfman-operator/config/samples](https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman-operator/tree/main/config/samples).
They are of the format: `bpfman.io_v1alpha1_*nsprogram.yaml`

```bash
kubectl apply -f config/samples/bpfman.io_v1alpha1_tc_pass_tcnsprogram.yaml 
  tcnsprogram.bpfman.io/tc-containers created
```

> If loading of the TC Namespace Program to the selected nodes was successful it will be reported
> back to the user via the `tcNsProgram`'s status field:

Reviewer: I think it would be better to say how it works in general, and then use TC as an example.

```suggestion
The status for each namespaced program is reported via the \*NsProgram status field and further information
can be seen in the resulting BpfNsProgram CRDs.  As an example, the following commands display the information 
of the TC program loaded in the acme namespace with the command above.
```

Author: Done.

metadata:
  annotations:
    bpfman.io.tcnsprogramcontroller/containerpid: "3256"
    bpfman.io.tcnsprogramcontroller/interface: eth0
    bpfman.io/ProgramId: "26575"
    bpfman.io/bpfProgramAttachPoint: eth0-ingress-nginx-deployment-57d84f57dc-lgc6f-nginx
  creationTimestamp: "2024-12-18T22:23:08Z"
  finalizers:
  - bpfman.io.tcnsprogramcontroller/finalizer
  generation: 1
  labels:
    bpfman.io/appProgramId: ""
    bpfman.io/ownedByProgram: tc-containers
    kubernetes.io/hostname: bpfman-deployment-control-plane
  name: tc-containers-6494dbed
  namespace: acme
  ownerReferences:
  - apiVersion: bpfman.io/v1alpha1
    blockOwnerDeletion: true
    controller: true
    kind: TcNsProgram
    name: tc-containers
    uid: 49291f28-49dc-4486-9119-af7c31569de3
  resourceVersion: "7992"
  uid: c913eea4-71e0-4d5d-b664-078abac36c40
spec:
  type: tc
status:
  conditions:
  - lastTransitionTime: "2024-12-18T22:23:11Z"
    message: Successfully loaded bpfProgram
    reason: bpfmanLoaded
    status: "True"
    type: Loaded
```

## API Types Overview

Refer to  [api-spec.md](../developer-guide/api-spec.md) for a more detailed description of all the bpfman Kubernetes API types.

> ### Cluster Scoped Versus Namespaced Scoped CRDs

Reviewer: It seems like this info would be useful before we go through the cluster and namespace examples above.

Author: I moved the entire `## API Types Overview` section up, after bpfman-operator and bpfman-daemon have been deployed and verified, but before any of the samples have been run.
